Lord Xinzheng Witness Lord
Although you have a prominent position in Dajing
But I still advise you not to get involved in this muddy water
Otherwise, flexible self-immolation
Lord Sun is threatening this old man
Dare I just remind him
You are so old
I advise you to teach well at the college
Don't get involved in outside affairs
Interfering in which thing are you referring to?
If you mean that girl from the Zuo family
That old man is naturally too lazy to care
His father Zuo Wuhou
Naturally the pain will be very high
But if your son is making a big deal of diligence
Posture in court
That old man really wants to take care of it
Hahahaha
Going to the Qin Mansion means Concubine De
Do you want to make an enemy of Donggong?
It seems that things are a bit difficult today.
If this sentence is said by Concubine De herself
Maybe a little more
As for you?
Not qualified enough
Well, if you say so.
Then I will personally invite Concubine De
Okay, I want to see to the end
The world is Concubine De's world
Still my world
Your Majesty Your Majesty